README.md, before:

# NullUsxr's AutoPiano Program
Plays anything you throw at it on the virtual piano!


## Installation Guide
### macOS
1. Download *AutoPiano.py*
2. Download the following dependency: `pyautogui`
3. Run AutoPiano.py (I recommend in an IDE like PyCharm or VS as it works faster)
4. Input your timings & song
  
### Windows
1. Download *AutoPiano.py*
2. Download the following dependency: `pyautogui` (If you want it to work in DirectX games, replace `pyautogui` with `pydirectinput` in the code and install that instead)
3. Run AutoPiano.py
4. Input your timings & song



### Linux
1. Download the latest *AutoPiano.py* from the versions folder
2. Download the following dependency: `pyautogui`

      + Arch-based Linux additional dependencies: `sudo pacman -Syu tk python3`
  
      + Debian-based Linux additional dependencies: `sudo apt-get install scrot python3-tk python3-dev`
  
3. Run the program
4. Input your timings & song

## Recommended Timings (For most songs)

   - Default Pause: 0.1
   - Default Long Pause: 0.3
   - Default Playback Speed: 0.2

Commit message:

Clarified running as admin under Windows

README.md, after:

# NullUsxr's AutoPiano Program
Plays anything you throw at it on the virtual piano!


## Installation Guide
### macOS
1. Download *AutoPiano.py*
2. Download the following dependency: `pyautogui`
3. Run AutoPiano.py (I recommend in an IDE like PyCharm or VS as it works faster)
4. Input your timings & song
  
### Windows
1. Download *AutoPiano.py*
2. Download the following dependency: `pyautogui` (If you want it to work in DirectX games, replace `pyautogui` with `pydirectinput` in the code and install that instead)
3. Run AutoPiano.py (If it doesn't work, running as an Administrator might fix it)
4. Input your timings & song



### Linux
1. Download the latest *AutoPiano.py* from the versions folder
2. Download the following dependency: `pyautogui`

      + Arch-based Linux additional dependencies: `sudo pacman -Syu tk python3`
  
      + Debian-based Linux additional dependencies: `sudo apt-get install scrot python3-tk python3-dev`
  
3. Run the program
4. Input your timings & song

## Recommended Timings (For most songs)

   - Default Pause: 0.1
   - Default Long Pause: 0.3
   - Default Playback Speed: 0.2
